c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\WpfWithEntity.exe.config
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity_Content.g.cs
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\WpfWithEntity.exe
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\WpfWithEntity.pdb
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.g.resources
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.exe
c:\users\svezho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfWithEntity\obj\Debug\WpfWithEntity.pdb
